Speaker A: Foreign.
Speaker B: Hey, Sam. How's it going, man?
Speaker A: Good. How are you doing?
Speaker B: Doing great. Doing great. Is now a good time?
Speaker A: Yeah, sure.
Speaker B: Awesome. Sounds good. Yeah. Before we get into it, how are, how are your holidays?
Speaker A: They're good. They're good. We went to my, my family's house this year and then Sarah capped it off. She went to hers with James for a little bit and now we're, we're all back home. How were yours?
Speaker B: Nice. Nice. Yeah, they were. They were great. We were in Virginia for Christmas. My wife's family have. They have a big Christmas Eve party every year and then we have like a slumber party at their house. Wake up and open presents. So it's a good time. And we hosted Christmas dinner here, which is nice.
Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Speaker B: Yes, sir. So. So. But yeah, glad to be back in the normal swing of things. I think between, you know, the holidays being middle of the week and working from home and getting over a cold, I feel like I was in the twilight zone for a little bit. Trying to get my bedtime back below early enough to, you know, but all that stuff. But. So, yeah, let me be back in it. So I, Yeah, I spoke with the listing agent. Yeah, definitely a popular house. I mean, you know, taking a look at it, it's beautiful. And that's a great neighborhood too. I'm familiar with Newington, Newington Forest. So I have listing coming up there in, in a few months. But yeah, I'd say, you know, if you guys, if you want to get after it, let's get, get in there, you know, as soon as we can. Can you, like, what, what times tomorrow, work for you?
Speaker A: It would have to be late, like in the evening, so I typically leave work, it's six, and then get home sometime before seven. Is that too late?
Speaker B: Yeah, I do have some stuff going on at our house tomorrow night, so I wouldn't be able to do that. I could do Saturday pretty much anytime. Okay, well, sorry, Saturday would have to be earlier in the day. Okay.
Speaker A: Yeah, let's see. When's the open house? Do they have offers already?
Speaker B: Nothing in hand. They've had a few verbal commitments, but it's Thursday, so she sounds reasonable. It sounds like depending on what happens tomorrow, the likeliest, a deadline for Monday.
Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. All right. Well, it doesn't sound like we're going to win this one, but it's worth a shot. Rates are lower. So let's see. We're. We're just like literally capped out at 700 with the current salary, so we can't do anything higher.
Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, so there were a couple things to consider is, you know, they're looking for like a super quick close. You know, I've done, you know, 12 day closes with Ben, so. So that's in our favor. They're looking for, they said a rent back through the end of February. They said that wasn't like set in stone, like, but, you know, those are, those are some things that we can, we can do to, to make it appealing. And yeah, I mean, obviously they have a playground. You know, maybe another love letter would do tug the heartstrings.
Speaker A: But yeah, I mean, so a rent back is interesting. So they would just. We would need to sell, probably need to live with my sister for a little bit, which they wouldn't be opposed to, but I would have to run that by them because we, we need to sell our, our place by, you know, we need to sell our place to buy this one. So that's another major thing. But the rent back would be incredible in terms of mortgage taking care of mortgage payments and everything.
Speaker B: Yeah, well, I mean, in that case, do you guys want to get your home in the market and do a rent back at your house or.
Speaker A: I think we would want to. Well, we would need to get them the down payment to close. Right. So I think we would sell, we would move to my sister's, which is doable, and then we would move there and you know, after February. And we would appreciate, you know, massively appreciate the income of the rent back. So I think it's doable if they can tolerate a, you know, the, the contingency on selling our home. I wouldn't want to list the house until, you know, Sarah's cool with all this and we've actually seen the home. How much with it. Have you done a home sale contingency before?
Speaker B: I have not. No. I mean, you know, like you, I mean, I'm sure you remember from the first go around any contingency adds, you know, detracts from the appeal of the offer. We can always outweigh it with other things. But it's just things to consider if you're, you know, if they're weighing several offers side by side.
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, there's no way Sarah's okay with, with, without having a home sale contingency. I just know that for a fact, like, so that's just the reality. So we got to operate on that. But the thing is, that would be helpful to know is what are the logistics for a home sale contingency. We probably determine how many Days it is when we submit the offer. But what does it mean? Like you sell and then the close happens after the home sale?
Speaker B: Yeah. So let me think through this because I haven't structured one in a bit. Yeah. So it'd be an offer with a contingency to sell your home. Um, so a couple things. One, if we were going to submit the offer to sell like that, with the contingency to sell, they would. What would help us would be to have it already on the market.
Speaker A: Gotcha.
Speaker B: That, that would definitely help. Would also help. I mean, if it's on the market, we're like, hey, yeah, it's on the market, we're getting offers, something like that. Which I, I mean hypothetically, we could get it on the market this weekend, but to make it ideal, it would take a little bit of, you know, standard prep work of, you know, pictures, videos, all the, all the marketing material, things like that.
Speaker A: Yeah.
Speaker B: Which isn't to say that we couldn't do it for this house, but. So let's say that they did accept it. Right? For. Let's say they accept it. Yeah. You wouldn't be able to. Well, because you guys can you buy it without selling it? No, I think. Yeah. Right. You need to qualify. To qualify for the mortgage. You need to, to sell it. So, so yeah, then it would basically be. Once we got a ratified contract and a settlement date, we would schedule, we would align the settlement dates so that. So that you sell. So I mean, you can see how not having the home of the market adds that kind of mystery timeline to it from their perspective. Because. Yeah.
Speaker A: Okay, well let's. I don't think we're going to get out on the market this weekend, but I mean I can do, I can clean stuff up in prep for the Saturday tour, speak to Sarah about it, which is going to be, you know, this thing may fizzle out because she's weaning right now and her life sucks. But I think the way I'd like to go forward is let's schedule something for Saturday morning and I will speak to Sarah about the rent back situation and the, And contingency and the listing timeline and then we can chat Saturday morning on how to move forward.
Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Let me just. How about this? So typically when I do a listing, I do like a 10 to 15 minute call. I have like a pre listing console and then I'll do a fully blown listing consult in person. Let me just. I mean I should have the majority of this information already. Let me just see if there's Any updates? Do you have a few minutes to, to rip through that? So I have this on hand.
Speaker A: So. So say, say it again because I, Yeah, I'm like, I do need to get back to work, but I'm, I have like a couple minutes.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, no, I just, I want, I wanted to have. So when I do a listing, right. Yeah, I, I have like a pre listing consultation where I, I. But I have most of this info because I've worked with you guys before. So if now isn't a good time, you know, we could do it tomorrow, but just wanted to have this on file so we could. If we did.
Speaker A: Yeah. One of the most crucial questions. Yeah. And maybe.
Speaker B: Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah, let's just, you know, just cut me off whenever you. You gotta, you gotta scoot. Okay, so you're selling because you're upsizing. When do you need to move? Well, when did you have like a. I mean, it's really just looking for the right house. Right. For when do you need to move? Or is there like a bigger timeline as far as like job and next kid?
Speaker A: No, like we don't. That, that shouldn't matter because we can just move to my sister's whenever if we're gonna. Especially if we're gonna do a run back. So.
Speaker B: Okay, you've owned your property since 2022? No, 23. Right. What sold you on, on your home when you bought it? You know, what features did you like that?
Speaker A: We got it. You remember.
Speaker B: Any updating? Yeah, you guys updated the kitchen.
Speaker A: Updated the kitchen, the bathroom, the back deck, and would likely knock down the front porch awning if we were gonna sell it.
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, so that's the next thing. If you were to stay in the house for another five years or anything you do to it, it would be.
Speaker A: Yeah, we would. We would. For another five years. We would finish the basement. Basement's unfinished. It has a toilet down there. If we were gonna sell, we would maybe paint the floor or something. I don't know if we're leaving in five years. We would knock down and rebuild the shed and potentially put a concrete pad underneath it. And then small things, if that matters, is you probably hire a landscaper to kind of pretty up landscaping. There are some trim and staining things. So trim on the stairs. The stairs, like we have hardwood, you know, upstairs and downstairs, but the hardwood on the stairs and upstairs could probably be refinished at some point. And then there are just tiny little trim things. Like I already mentioned the stair trim, but like caulking some trim Painting two interior doors, which are primes, but I've never got around to painting him. Just little nits like that.
Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Yeah. And, you know, this doesn't have to be exhaustive. We can revisit this again in person, you know, for a moment. Pretend to be a buyer looking at your home through buyer's eyes. Scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate its condition?
Speaker A: Scale of 1 to 10 for our house, I would say. What do we mean by condition here?
Speaker B: Well, like, 10 being like a model home, one being like, the projects, like, terrible. Needs to be burned out.
Speaker A: Okay. Well, I mean, the finished portions of it, I think, are, like, at an eight. Like, there's nothing. There's no. Like, nothing is broken. There's a few, like, pieces of trim that could be prettied up. But, I mean, the kitchen is a 10. The upstairs bathroom is just redone. That's a 10. The floors on the first floor were redone recently, and there's no, like, major mechanical issues anywhere. So I'd say like eight.
Speaker B: Okay, perfect. What would you. What would you say it would take for your house to be a 10? Like, top to bottom? Just all the. All the stuff that we mentioned.
Speaker A: Yeah, all the stuff we mentioned. And finishing the basement. I mean, like, you know, if we were to include. If someone were looking to live in the basement, like, that would be at, like a. You know, it's not a tear down, but it's probably a four as far as, like, a room to live in, but yeah.
Speaker B: Okay, that makes sense. Do you know what you'll be asking for the property?
Speaker A: I think we would want to be a hair under 600, probably.
Speaker B: Cool. Have you guys had a recent appraisal?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: And you haven't refinanced, right?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: All right. Do you know the approximate loan balance?
Speaker A: Damn. I was just having issues logging into Mr. Cooper because it's Sarah's account and she has to validate with her phone.
Speaker B: Right.
Speaker A: I would say bought a 510. I would say it's like, high three hundreds, maybe a hair under 400.
Speaker B: Cool. What are three things that you were looking for in a realtor?
Speaker A: In a realtor. So is a realtor the one who sells, or is it both?
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that would be me. But I mean, these questions are designed if someone was. I was working with them for the first time, but yeah, I mean, I.
Speaker A: Think just, like, clarity of process, you know, attentiveness to questions, and, like, business savviness in the negotiation process.
Speaker B: All right, are you interviewing any of their realtors for buying and selling.
Speaker A: Yeah, we got a line down the street. Nathan.
Speaker B: Oh boy. All right, I'll have to. I'll have to show up, do some bare knuckle boxing to all that stuff.
Speaker A: No, we. We haven't talked to anyone. Cool.
Speaker B: And you haven't sold a property before, right? Yeah, because that was your first purchase now.
Speaker A: Okay, sounds good. Alrighty.
Speaker B: Is there anything else I should know about your property? Now, we can cover all that when we get there. Cool. Okay. So, yeah, talk with Sarah, let me know Saturday morning. I was just headed up. Where did it go? Is see what times they have. I mean, I can send it over to you, but they are. They have 9:30 to 10:30 already booked. So do you want me to preemptively like block off like 11:00 clock or 10:30?
Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, either of those is fine. Whatever works for you.
Speaker B: Okay, I will do 11. Cool. All right, sounds good. Yeah, so I will. If I see any update from, from them about any deadlines or offers or stuff like that, I'll let you guys know. And I will see you guys if Sarah can make it happen. See you on Saturday.
Speaker A: Sounds good. Thanks, Nathan.
Speaker B: Awesome. All right, thanks. Take care.