Meeting Title: Phone call with Anthony Sole
Date: Dec 29

Transcript:
 
Speaker A: Hello? 
Speaker B: Yo, Tony. What's up, baby? 
Speaker A: Hey, what's up? Sorry, give me one second here. What's going on? 
Speaker B: Hey, man. Yeah, just in the car. Figured I'd give you a ring. I know you're super busy with the holidays and the little kiddo and everything, so just wanted to call. Wish you a merry Christmas. Hope you're. Hope you're doing well. 
Speaker A: Thank you. 
Speaker B: And I miss you and I love you so much. And I dream about you all time. 
Speaker A: I dream about me, too. 
Speaker B: I know you do. That's your. That's one of your strongest, strongest features, is your belief in yourself. 
Speaker A: Hell, yeah. Let's go. What's up, dude? 
Speaker B: Yeah, man. But. But yeah, Yeah. I wanted to. Well, a couple things kind of logistics wise. I had mentioned this before you had a kid, and I also knew that, you know, after you have the kid, I didn't want to impose, but we are planning. I am going to the Ninja now thing in February, and I. I have the epic pass. I'd love to come and visit you guys. Okay. But I don't want to. Like, if you guys can't host, I completely understand. Maybe we could look at getting, you know, an Airbnb or something. 
Speaker A: But for sure, I. I think right now, with just having Enzo, I think it's not a big deal. As long as, I guess it's just you and Cynthia, right? 
Speaker B: Yes. Yeah. 
Speaker A: Do not make plans like that right now. 
Speaker B: You can. You can tell me to off. It's fine. I just. 
Speaker A: That's. I want to tell you before Stephanie came in, I know we're not gonna make too many plans, so if you can tell by the tonality of the conversation that me and Stephanie are having, we'll talk about it. You know what I mean? Because I. I don't want to say no. Like, the only problem is, like, if it's more than just you two. Like, if it's just you two, we have room downstairs. But if it's more than you two, obviously, that might be an issue. And it just obviously depends on timing. So. 
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'll tell you what. 
Speaker A: February at some point, so. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we're having other friends that are coming as well, and they're planning to get an Airbnb. So it just depends on timing. When is that Ninja now? And when would you be up here? 
Speaker B: Yeah, so I believe it's the fourth and the fifth. So it's a Wednesday. Thursday. And then we were planning on coming up either the sixth or the seventh and staying for. I don't Know, four or five days. I mean, you know, it's up in the air and we haven't booked our flights yet. So nothing is set in stone. I was thinking I probably just should have booked our flights out there and then just booked the return flight when we knew for sure. So, yeah, that's kind of the rough plan. And we obviously get up in and out of the mountains on our own and get a car and all that shit. 
Speaker A: Okay, so you're thinking tentatively it's like the sixth or the seventh, right? 
Speaker B: Yeah, correct. 
Speaker A: The six. Seven. Seven. Okay. Do you remember one now? Lou and Austin, later in February. Later in February. Okay, so that should work for us right now. And you guys would be able to stay in the, the bedroom downstairs. So, yeah, just let me know if, if you think 6 and 7, then go ahead and, and book your flights right now. Those, those days will work with us. 
Speaker B: Yeah, six, seven. I don't know, you know which one is better, you know, six, seven. 
Speaker A: So I would just say the only thing is like, just sickness wise or like health wise, I guess, like, if you guys find that you're gonna be sick when you're here. Yeah, I don't know, because. 
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll see if I can. If I can just book. If I can just book something and then cancel it. I don't know. Is that, Is that still. I mean, February is still kind of like peak time, right? 
Speaker A: Yeah, February. Yeah, definitely peak time for tourism, snow, all that stuff. I don't know what airline you use, but United is pretty good about if you have to change or cancel flights. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: Yeah, book, whatever. Yeah, whatever airline you think that. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: Will be like. 
Speaker B: So. Yeah, so we're staying in my aunt and uncle's house and they definitely have space for you guys if you wanted to come down and visit for the weekend. I, I did talk with my coach about you coming, and at the time it was, it's. It's. It was only for ninja. Coaching clients. I don't know if they're gonna maybe open it up because you're, you know, you've been to installations. You could potentially be viewed as a potential client. I guess. I, I have no idea. But I don't know if you had any interest in going. Maybe I could push a little harder for it, but did you guys want to come down and visit Fort Collins for a couple of days? 
Speaker A: I don't know about going down there to visit. I have to talk to Stephanie about maybe coming down for the day and hanging out or something like that. 
Speaker B: That option is Open if you guys needed to. If you. If you. If you wanted to come down and. And stay the night, that probably would not be an issue because she has multiple bedrooms. My cousin just built. Is building a new. Just built a brand new gigantic house, like in that same neighborhood. So they all have space, and they said even if they're not there, we can stay there. So, you know, she's my grandmother. 
Speaker A: Yeah. That might change things, but, yeah, I mean, for sure. If you guys want to come for February 6th and 7th, you guys will have a room downstairs to hang out. 
Speaker B: Cool. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. How's everything going with. With the kid? Are you guys getting in a good rhythm of things? Is he sleeping? 
Speaker A: Yeah, finally. I feel like we're finally getting our. Our routine down for the most part. I mean, it's kind of weird because it's, like, still the holidays and I'd be taking a little bit of time off anyway. 
Speaker B: Right. 
Speaker A: So it's going to be an adjustment, I think, in the new year. And the other thing, too, is that Stephanie's mom has been here basically the whole time since he was born. And so we haven't, like, experienced what it's like to not have her here. And she's been so helpful, dude. Like, imagine most of our meals, doing the laundry, just, like, helping out with little things here and there. So I think I'll have to reevaluate this new year when it's just me and Stephanie again. But, like, I've been able to, you know, I've got my office in my garage, so I'm able to go and do a couple of hours of work and still hang out with him. And, you know, it's. I think the biggest thing that I realize with newborns is just how helpless they are. So it's literally just like you're feeding them or they're pooping or they're, like, fussing about. But he's a good baby, dude. Like, he. He sleeps. He's like. He just chills. Like, we got real lucky with him. So. Yeah, it's just. It's just a shock having a baby that you have to. A human that you have to, like, take care. 
Speaker B: Telling me they don't come out of the root, they don't come out of the womb rolling blunts. 
Speaker A: Unfortunately. No, that would be really nice. But yeah, dude. So it's just. It's just an adjustment. You know what I mean? There's good. There's good and. And there's not bad, just for sure. Yeah. 
Speaker B: Just different, you know? 
Speaker A: And I I think as time goes on, it'll definitely get better because again, it's just the shock thing for me. Like, I've been. I was so busy with work and, like, I could, you know, whatever my free time was, I could just do whatever I want. And now it's like that doesn't exist anymore, which, again, it's not a bad thing. It's just. It's an adjustment. 
Speaker B: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, I got that. I mean, listen, you know, and if one more. If it lines up with us being able to come and visit, you know, we'll do everything we can to help out. You know, Cynthia is excited to see the baby and, you know, we'll cook some meals for you guys and do all the things and, you know, maybe change a diaper or two or I'll change your diaper. You know, you just. Just let me know. Just. Just give me the. Go ahead, Chad. I'll change your diaper. Tony. 
Speaker A: I'll be nice if somebody could wipe my ass every once in a while. 
Speaker B: Yeah, we don't want to impose, you know. Yeah, sure. 
Speaker A: No, you're ahead. You're good. Go ahead. 
Speaker B: Yeah, I was just saying, like, we don't. We don't want to impose. I know you. You said something before, and I was like, well, you know, then he's going to have the kid. I know things will probably be different, but we still want to come out and see you either way. So, you know, if push comes to shove, we can. We can. We can get other, you know, rental space and still would love to visit, but. But, yeah. Yeah, it would just be Cynthia and me. So. Have you. Have you. Have you got. Have you gotten any skiing in. 
Speaker A: I did one day, like, two weeks ago, and it was mainly just for, like, a film session. We were filming for this rental property over in Breckenridge, and it wasn't that great. And since then, I think we. It just snowed two nights ago, and we got, like, three inches. So it's been. It's been pretty abysmal. So I think you're. You're smart and waiting till February, hopefully by then we'll actually have some. Some real snow, but it's. It's been terrible. So I have. I've only been out one day. 
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. Fingers crossed. We get some. We get some snow by then. I know February, early February is still maybe a little. Still be a little cold. I usually like to come out, like, towards the end or in March, but we'll see. 
Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, it's. Hasn't Been that cold. Like it was like in the 50s up until like two days ago. Oh, just dropped like a rock. And right now it's single digits outside. But usually by February it starts to warm up a little bit where it's bearable throughout the day. It's usually like that early mid January where we get like a week of like negative temperatures and it's, it's pretty brutal. But I think by February it should be good. And all the longtime locals I've talked to, they said the last season that they saw like this where it didn't really snow. In the beginning of the season, January just dumped like crazy. So fingers crossed we'll actually get some really good snow for sure. 
Speaker B: Yeah. Yeah. I had mentioned over text that I was getting new skis and I, I actually haven't ordered them yet. I, I should, I, I was thinking about, I want to get some actual powskis and put the shift bindings on them so I can, I can skin with them. And I'm questioning now if I should even do that because I feel like, I don't know, I might just want just resort skis. I don't know if I want to skin it all, but I don't know. I was going to get Ben Shuttlers and put shifts on them. If not, I'll probably just put, you know, standard Jesters or Terrolios on them, but I don't know. Do you, what are your, what are your thoughts on that? Like, if I, if I came out, would you. Because I think it's also. I'd have to also get skins and then I'd also have to get. 
Speaker A: Yeah. 
Speaker B: Maybe Abby equipment and like, maybe get training. And I'm like, ah, that seems like a lot for now. Maybe I should do that. 
Speaker A: I mean, it depends on where you, where you go. Like, I usually just try to stick to terrain that's less than 25 degree angle, so I never have to worry about avalanches. Although the beacon is still a good idea. Like if you get caught in a tree. Well, or something like that so somebody could find you. I would say, like if you don't really live in an area where you can do it that often. So I don't think it's personally worth it. Like, the only reason I have my skinning setup is because I live, you know, I can show my backyard basically and do it all the time. But like for you, if you're like skiing just a handful of times a year, I would just stick to the resort skiing, you know, Unless you like for feeling up for it. There's plenty of Hike 2 terrain on the resort where like we could go and do that stuff. And a lot of that terrain, even though it is hike two, it is still managed by ski patrol, so you wouldn't need an Abby set up. So it's really up to you. But I would probably lean more towards just sticking to the resort stuff. 
Speaker B: Yeah. So if that's hike two, I, I mean, you could skin it then, right? 
Speaker A: Yeah, you can skin it or there's boot packing. It just depends on where you go. But all the resorts have their, their share of hike two terrain. 
Speaker B: Okay. Yeah. So I mean, would you, would you say getting a skinning setup for that would be worth it to access the harder to access terrain within the resort? 
Speaker A: Yes, yes and no. For like places like Keystone, I think it's worth it because there's some really great hike to terrain and it's like really steep stuff. So if it's a good powder day, it's really worth it. If it's not a good powder day, obviously it's not great. And then Breckenridge has some, some really good hike to stuff. Most of it is boot packing though. And then I'm not sure about Vale, if Vale has, has anything or Beaver Creek when it comes to hike to terrain. So like, if it's a good powder day, it, it is worth it having it, I guess. But for the most part it's like you just, you're probably not going to end up using it. 
Speaker B: Yeah, well, because if, let's just play this. If we were at a resort, right. If we were at Vale or Keystone, wherever, and I was with you and you like your like fat powder skis are just have regular bindings on them, right? 
Speaker A: Yeah. Correct. 
Speaker B: Yeah. So you would probably just bring those. 
Speaker A: Yes. 
Speaker B: Okay. Okay. So then I'd be. Yeah. Okay. So it wouldn't really make a difference for me then. If we wanted to just be, you know, on the same playing field, I would just bring. I wouldn't need the skins then. Because you'd be boot packing together if we did. 
Speaker A: Yeah, I do have a setup that with skins and the, the touring bindings, those ones are like 102 underfoot, so they're still pretty decent in, in deep powder. But like if it's like three feet, like waist deep type powder, I've got my Rossignol Black Ops that are like 118 underfoot and I would just probably stick with those. Yeah. Less than knee deep. And it was like, all right, well, like we really need to go to that high tutoring because the resort's just overrun by tourists that I'd probably suck it up and, and grab those skis and make that happen. 
Speaker B: Interesting. Yeah, yeah, I'm trying to, because for me, I'm. Yeah, I think I might just end up just getting them and putting because I want. I want deep, pow deep house keys. Right. Um, yeah. And so if it's, if it's like under a foot and we have to skin, then it's like, well, I don't want to go. Is there a point in me bringing out 120 skis, you know, with skins on them? Like, what should I. If I do get a touring setup, should it be thinner or skinnier? 
Speaker A: Yeah, that's kind of like. My whole point is, like, if you don't live here and you're not doing it all that often, you're going to come out here and you just have a couple of days to ski. You're just going to, like, want to do as many runs as humanly possible. Like, you don't want to waste 45 minutes to an hour of the day just hiking up. And plus, I don't know how much cardio you're doing these days, but you're doing it at altitude too. So hiking up those hills is not going to be easy. And it's going to, it's going to, you know, make you pretty tired. 
Speaker B: So. 
Speaker A: Yeah, it's really like one or two skins up and you're going to be like toast for the, for the whole day, probably just one skin up. So I would just probably stick with the resort style skis for now. In the future, you end up, like, living somewhere like here or somewhere closer to ski resorts or ski mountains. Like. Yeah, get, get the touring set up. But I don't know, I just don't want you to like, beat yourself up all for like one or two possibly good runs, you know? 
Speaker B: Yeah, for sure. That makes sense. 
Speaker A: Between all the stuff that I know out here and all the terrain that we have, we're bound to find some really good stuff on the resort where we'll have like. 
Speaker B: Yeah, no, tight. All right, well, I'll just, I'll go that route then. Cool. Yeah. Thanks for. I was bouncing a lot of these ideas off of like, Perplexity and chatgpt. And I was like, I just need to talk to somebody about this. 
Speaker A: Yeah. 
Speaker B: But yeah, is what it is, man. Yeah. How's. How's business? Are you good, man? 
Speaker A: I had my best year to date. Sold 13 million this year, so that Was. That was awesome. Most money I've ever made in one year. And, yeah, everything is. Is going well. I feel like for the new year, my whole focus is just to stay focused and not like, I feel like there's so much shiny object syndrome for a while in the business. But this year, I was like, you know, I finally saw the YouTube leads come to fruition, so I closed 7 million from. From the YouTube channel. 
Speaker B: Holy hell. Yeah. 
Speaker A: Yeah, so that was, like, really awesome. That was like, finally the light at the end of the tunnel where I'm like, all right, I just need to stay focused with YouTube, keep putting out the content. More business will come from that. And then I met with this ads guy who was, like, proficient at running meta ads, and so we started running an Instagram ad for the business. And because I feel like, organically, I've kind of tapped the reach with what I'm doing, and I feel like my content's decent enough that people are enjoying it. So I'm like, now I just need to pay to get more. More followers. So it's basically what I. What I did was created this whole ad campaign to get more followers, and I'm averaging about, like, 20 to 30 new followers a week and getting some good leads out of that as well. So, yeah, I feel like between Instagram or between social media, YouTube and the Sotheby's referral network, that's going to be my main sources of business going into the. To the new year and just stay focused on that and kind of cut out all the. All the extra noise. What about. What about you? How was your business this year, man? 
Speaker B: Yeah, no, same best year I've had. Got right under 6 million in volume, so almost doubled it from last year. Just pretty stoked on that. Still, like, you know, not as much as, like, just looking at my database. I'm like, damn. Like, I should be making more money, but still really, really happy about that. And, yeah, I mean, we. We bought a new house in September. We renovated the basement, the first floor, and got a renter in there. So pretty stoked on that. And that's stabilized now. And that was a lot of energy and way more money than we thought it was going to be, and which is fine, but I have my own office now, and I just spent the last, like, the bulk of this quarter just, like, deleting shit from my calendar. I was like, I don't feel like leaving the house anymore. I don't feel like going to this networking event. I don't feel like doing this. And I was like, you know, let's just get back to the basics, you know, like, back to the fundamentals, first principles of ninja. And that's been really relieving. I feel like I'm just, like, spending more time in the right place, making a lot more calls. And then part of all that was like, a damn. I've been saying for a while, like, I want to, like, really build out technology that fits my business. And so I finally had the time to do it. And I just got so obsessed with building out software using replit specifically. But you can use a bunch of different tools. Just doing vibe coding. I don't know how to code. You know, I don't have a degree in software, computer engineering or anything like that. The only exposure I had was maybe matlab, and I was atrocious at that. So I just copied everything that Alex Montgomery I actually code. So that's been sick. I've been saying for a while now that my career trajectory, I think, is to. This is pretty common, is you build domain expertise and then you create products and solutions that service that domain. So, you know, eventually my. My consumer, my target customer will be Realtors, you know, And I think I'm pretty. I'm pretty close to. To launching. I'm really building like an AI chief of staff. It's kind of. It's like a CRM on AI steroids. And it was so much easier to make than I would have thought. Like, you just kind of tell it what to do and it. It builds it for you, you know, and then you have to test it and. And, you know, and do it, and. 
Speaker A: I'll be a beta tester for you if you want. 
Speaker B: I was gonna say, like, I. I may need some beta testing in the next week or so. 
Speaker A: Yeah. Cause I'm like, I'm. 
Speaker B: I'm. 
Speaker A: I like lofty. But I feel like there's. There's just things about CRMs that, like, man, I feel like the one thing that would be really, really cool is, like, I've just got so many, like, leads in my database, and, like, sometimes I just. I'll let the hot and warm list kind of, like, go to the wayside, and then I come back to it and I'm like, oh, shit. Like, I have tons of, like, potential business here, and I'm not just sending them, like, properties as they become available. It would be so cool if somehow AI could tie into the MLS or into Zillow and, like, analyze each and every, like, listing that's out there and just determine based on what my client's criteria is, what the perfect property would be for them. Yeah, I feel like I spent so much time just like news for you. 
Speaker B: That is what I'm basically, that is one of the features is as an agentic AI portion where so yeah, for me I use close but looking at lofty. It's like you have all this information on all these people and it's all kind of siloed off in their profile. I'm building it in the database in a way where I can query anything. So I'll be like, hey, like, who do I know that does this job? Or who do I know that has this preference? Or do I know that and you just talk to it like you would, you know, a person. 
Speaker A: Yeah. 
Speaker B: And it pulls up the answer and then I'm building out the profile side of it so it's like it knows what everyone's preference. So after I have like a buyer consultation, it'll say, it'll have all that be recorded, it'll automatically be logged into their profile and then it will be proactively looking for properties. Proactively. Proactively, like writing them. Handwritten notes, email. Well, the notes are going to be like, it'll tell you what to write and then you actually have to write it. Although I'm sure I could create some software where you know, and using like a 3D my, my wife's cricket or something anyway. And yeah, so it's all just like everything right now is very reactive. This is being more proactive and agentic but keeping you in the loop. So it's not just gonna like send a thousand emails without you approving it, but at some point it may if, if you like, hey, the last 30 emails that I've, I've sent, I didn't touch, like, I didn't edit. Like it was perfect. You know, then it can just, yeah, you get to go. 
Speaker A: So yeah, no, dude, that's like it sounds like perfect and I would be happy to beta test it for you because yeah, I feel like the CRM is, it's just not as refined as, as I need it to be. And everything you're saying is exactly what it needs to be doing to kind of help streamline the business. 
Speaker B: Yeah, hell yeah. No, I'm stoked on that. I will, I, I will send that to you when it's ready. I, I, I set like a, like a loose date of, of Monday to have the beta version ready. But I, I'll let you know. So I basically like the last like two weeks, I I haven't had rotary or BNI for the holidays and and then I got sick and so I was like, well I'm definitely not leaving the house now. And I basically didn't do any realtor work and just coded every day for like eight hours and I was like, I, I can't continue to do this. Like I have to keep making money like before I can make money, you know, but it's, I just went like monk mode on it and I was just like, I just, all I want to do is this, I have the ability to lean into it. I'm going to do it. And, and yeah, it's like I laid out a roadmap where I could probably get to like I'm like going to set a goal to like aim for like ten grand a month in revenue by the end of the year. It's pretty aggressive but I mean if it works, it works right? Like fuck it. Like if it works for a relationship based realtor like us, then why can't it succeed? 
Speaker A: So, so yeah, yeah dude, 100 like you can keep selling real estate in the meantime and between all the people that you know and you're already tied into your local realtor association, like you can host classes and promote your, your, your CRM and people will pay for it. If you can streamline that, that huge part of the business that I just mentioned, like people 100% like I, I, I'd pay for it. Yeah, it would help me so immensely. 
Speaker B: So one of the, one of the features is like dormant lead stuff. So it's like it has access to your email and access to your messages and, and text and everything. And it'll just scan everything and be like hey, you were talking to this person like a year ago. Like I'm putting Together this like 10 message campaign. Review it and approve it and I'll automatically send it for you. So I know how, I know how to set that up for imessage. I'm not sure and so it'll just, I need to build out all the integrations basically because I would assume for you with sms. I don't know how it, I'm sure I could figure it out. Just have it do through or you could connect it to like a Twilio or something. 
Speaker A: Yeah. 
Speaker B: We'Ll figure it out. 
Speaker A: But dude, I love it. That's very exciting. 
Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, it's been, it's been, it's been an exciting time. Are you, what are you using right now, AI wise in your business? 
Speaker A: Not a whole, whole lot. It's Mostly chat GPT. I've got, like, the paid version of it, which, I don't know, I've been messing around with it, and I really don't see the benefit of having a paid version of it. Yeah. But I've used it for, like, the deep thinking mode in terms of, like, content strategy. So I basically have created this custom GPT specifically for the YouTube channel. And so it basically, like, comes up with strategy for me. And I've told it like, my ideal client is the luxury legacy homeowner who wants to spend, you know, $4 million and more on a house. Because I've done a couple of those deals this year, and I've kind of learned that I love working with those people. First of all, paycheck's obviously way better, and these people are just, like, exceptional. 
Speaker B: Yeah. 
Speaker A: They know what they want. They're decisive. Yeah. So I'm like, let me just focus on this person. If I could do, like, three or four deals of that a year, consistently sell like, 15 to 20 million, that's, like, perfect for me. I don't have to kill myself working. And I'm just, like, going after my ideal client. So the GPT is basically coming up with content or YouTube video ideas for those types of customers. And obviously I just kind of, like, browse through it, I'll change it if it needs to be changed and kind of analyze it. But it's been really good for that, and it's came up, come up with some really good video ideas. I think the last two or three videos that I did were based on the GPT's recommendation, and they performed pretty well. So. Yeah. 
Speaker B: Oh, yeah. Love to hear it, man. Love to hear it. Yeah, the I. The I was using, I still use ChatGPT. I have the business one. And it's basically, I kept creating projects for it where I would, like, create this project for forward and record, right. And I would put instructions in there and, you know, it would know, like, you know, what I wanted to do. And then each chat was for each week. And then I would create another project for, like, this part of ninja, another project for this idea creation. And I was just like. Like, the context window just gets so crammed. So it's like, you know, you know, when you, like, stay in one chat and eventually it just gets really slow because it's like, trying to remember everything in the chat. Like, I'm like, damn, like, I'm trying to use this ChatGPT as its own software. I was like, oh, I just want to build something. But I don't think I can do it. And I found out it's actually really not that hard to do it. And so the way I think about it is that the ChatGPT is an application layer that communicates with the LLM. Like the actual AI is, is, is, you know, the GPT model, whatever you're using 5 or 5.2 or whatever. And so the software that I'm building is creating a code base and a database where it selectively interacts with that, that appropriately and in a way that is, is faster than if you had. Because if I just uploaded like every single conversation with every single person that I had in one chat, it would get overloaded and be useless. So it has to be able to be queried in a way that is useful for the model. And I'm pretty fired up on it because it's a segment of the market that is kind of wide open. A lot of the incumbents are trying to do it, but they're just not moving fast enough. And basically if I can get some traction and I can just, I can just suck out everybody's information, put them into my, into the software that I build and eventually it's like, oh, I don't need lofty anymore. Oh, I don't need clothes anymore. And they just abandon it, you know, is the thought. So see. 
Speaker A: Yeah, dude, I love where you're going with this. I'm actually super excited to see what you come up with. So please keep me in the loop and I will absolutely be a beta tester for you and obviously more if it ends up being a super useful tool, more than happy to pay for it too. 
Speaker B: Oh yeah, that'll be $1 billion. 
Speaker A: Bargain in our world. 
Speaker B: Yeah, I'll give you 30 schmeckles for it. 
Speaker A: Cool, dude. Well, I'm glad that business went really well for you this year. You're kind of, I feel like exactly where I was a year ago because yeah, last year I closed just over 6 million or just under 6 million and then I doubled it this year. So keep going with that. And then if you, if you really knock it out of the park with this software, like you're gonna be talking about like legacy type wealth, you know, where that, that you're literally just gonna be having that, that mail in type money and it'll be way better than, than real estate or anything because the overhead will be so much cheaper. And then it's just like, you know, keeping relationships and keep, you know, keeping the software up to date and relevant for, for realtors. And yeah, what I've learned a lot about realtors is they're just not the smartest bunch of people. So if you can stay ahead of them on the curve and you can sell them these products, like, you can do really well, I think. 
Speaker B: Yeah, no, I appreciate it. That that's kind of the thought process. I was like, you know, like, look, mapping it out. It's like, all right, what's my trajectory with real estate? Like, okay, if I get to making 500 or like a million dollars a year as a realtor, that's great. Obviously, life changing money, like that, that is a great life. Like, and if that's all that I end up becoming, like, then that is fine. Right? But I was like, like, okay, what about past that? Like, about. I just want to keep growing and keep, keep getting better. Like, build out a team like that. I don't want to hire me. I suck. Like, I don't, I don't want, I don't want to manage people like me. Like, that's horrible. I'm a terrible employee, you know? Like, and so this is the, this seemed like the better way where I have to interact less. Like, I can just create it myself. And I've had these ideas for a while, but it's like, dude, like, it's insane. I have to, I would just sit down and just like, I have to show you the products that I'm using to build these because it's like five years ago, this would have cost 50 grand to build, right? Like, I would have had to hire a development team and like, maybe it would have taken a lot longer. But now it's like, I can create it, see the product, go back, fix it, tweak it. I can just stay in the workflow of creating it. And it's written all the code for me. You know, there's like 10,000 lines of code. I haven't, I haven't read any of it. You know, I just, I just like, give it the guidance so it's very accessible. I think that I'd love to sit down with you and just like, and just be like, yeah, like, what do you, what do you want? Like, what do you need? Like, where are the pain points in your business? And how can you build something that's customized for you to make your workflow better, to make you more leverage, give you more time back, that sort of thing? It's, it's a, it's a, it's a wide open world out there with software creation. 
Speaker A: Yeah, man, that's something I think about too. It's like, yeah, have the exact same thought process when it comes to like, what does the future look like for. For real estate? Yeah, I don't want to manage a team either. But then I'm like looking at the aspects of my business and being a business owner. It's like you wear all these different hats and I'm like, what am I really good at in this business? And what I found that I'm good at is like the marketing side of it. 
Speaker B: Like the videos, doing the deals or. 
Speaker A: Whatever, fine, like it, you know, I can do it. And the, the accounting, the taxes, like, whatever, that's all just like running a business. But the marketing aspect of it I really like. And I just haven't dove into application like replit or anything like that where I'm like, could I create some kind of software that can kind of automate marketing or like, help other businesses, like, create like a really good marketing foundation for their business and then like, make money off of that and make it this kind of like retainer thing. Like you're talking about where people are just like paying you, you know, monthly, and you're talking about, you know, you just have 10 clients paying you $1,000 a month. Like, like you said $10,000 a month, you know, So I would like to sit down at some point and maybe you can just kind of walk me through like how that all works. And. 
Speaker B: Yeah, no, once you see how easy it is, you'll be like, holy crap. Like, I can. And you just got to, you just got to play with it and you got to get a feel for it's how easy it is. You know, I've heard that people that are non coders that are coding right now actually have a leg up over people who have like a CS degree or are a software engineer because they have this like, idea of how work should be done. And I'm over here. Like, I just built an app and I didn't even know what like these like very like 101 level words mean because, like, you don't need it anymore. Like, like, they're like, oh, like you need like this full stack of this. You need a compiler and a debugger. And I'm like, f. I don't know what any of that shit is. Like, I, I just don't. Like, I just, I have an idea. I have a feeling for what I want it. I know what I want the software to feel like. I know what I want it to look like. I know what I want it to do. I Know what I don't want it to do? And you just instruct it and it builds it for you. So it's. I mean, we both have similar minds, you know, like, you creative, like it's, it's. It's their place for the taking. So, yeah, we'll dig into that when I come out and see you and I'll show you. Or you can just start doing it now if you just want to, like, just, just go and like just, just. Yeah, just go into replit. It's a, it's. It's like a full stack thing. It builds the front on the back end database, everything. It's like 25 bucks, but then you pay by usage, so it's like, it's 25 bucks a month minimum. And if you use it a lot, it costs more. It'll show you how much each like command costs and stuff like that. So. 
Speaker A: Yeah. Okay. Interesting. Awesome. Cool. Dude. Posted on if you buy the. The flights or not and yeah, hopefully we can. We'll see you out here and. 
Speaker B: Yeah. Hell yeah, brother. Yeah. So, yeah, like I said, we be. Plan to. Plan to come out the sixth or seventh, but I mean, if you guys wanted to come down to Fort Collins for a day, because the class is Wednesday, Thursday, so if you wanted to come down, you know, one of those, one of those days after, like Friday or Saturday and then we go up, we could do that. It's. It's. It's up to you. And then I was thinking we'd stay for like four or five days. I mean, I don't want to probably not through the next weekend. The next weekend's Valentine's Day, and I think. Oh, yeah, I just don't want to. Just don't want to impose, but I mean. Yeah, we'll figure it out. I'll let you know. 
Speaker A: Yeah, like I said, I've got some other buddies that are coming in mid February. I think it's the following week they were coming, so we already, we already promised them a space or they might be getting an Airbnb. I've got to figure that out. All that out. But just let me know when you figure out your plans and then we can talk more. 
Speaker B: I will. All right. I'll shoot you a text when I do that. 
Speaker A: All right, bro, love you. Talk to you later. 
Speaker B: Love you too. Chat soon. 