2026-01-15T20:07:12.392Z	bug	i had this convo with the ai assistant. I talked to John Doe yesterday we caught up after his trip to Italy and he's thinking about selling his house on 123 Main St. we need to set up a consultation this weekend also his daughters birthday is next Wednesday 5 actions taken I added John Doe to your database and logged the interaction from yesterday (Jan 14). Here's what I did: - Logged the call interaction: Discussed his trip to Italy and selling his house at 123 Main St. His daughter's birthday is next Wednesday (Jan 21). - Created a high-priority task to set up a consultation with him this Saturday (Jan 17). - Marked him as HOT since he's actively thinking about selling. Let me know if anything needs adjusting! I'm trying to film a demo and two things: 1. There is maybe a 20-second pause between inputting the prompt and getting a response. 2. It does show a few things like: I'm scanning your people, I'm making a contact, I'm logging the interaction. But it does feel like you are waiting awhile for things to happen. Let's pressure test whether we could do something like: - Sometimes when I enter something into Perplexity or ChatGPT, I see all the reasoning steps as it goes through things. Especially in Comet the browser there is a lot of reasoning as it goes through pages. - Once the conversation was logged it took another 10 seconds for me to go to Signals and there still was nothing there. And I had to refresh the page to see the signal. I need this loop to be tighter for the demo and for actual use.	/signals	desnoyers94@gmail.com	beta	New			c5352411-6b90-493a-92b9-f9ea1b09dbe0																		
2026-01-16T02:43:11.707Z	bug	I submitted this and no signals were made.  Call with Sam Bellet earlier  Speaker A: Foreign. Speaker B: Hey, Sam. How's it going, man? Speaker A: Good. How are you doing? Speaker B: Doing great. Doing great. Is now a good time? Speaker A: Yeah, sure. Speaker B: Awesome. Sounds good. Yeah. Before we get into it, how are, how are your holidays? Speaker A: They're good. They're good. We went to my, my family's house this year and then Sarah capped it off. She went to hers with James for a little bit and now we're, we're all back home. How were yours? Speaker B: Nice. Nice. Yeah, they were. They were great. We were in Virginia for Christmas. My wife's family have. They have a big Christmas Eve party every year and then we have like a slumber party at their house. Wake up and open presents. So it's a good time. And we hosted Christmas dinner here, which is nice. Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah. Speaker B: Yes, sir. So. So. But yeah, glad to be back in the normal swing of things. I think between, you know, the holidays being middle of the week and working from home and getting over a cold, I feel like I was in the twilight zone for a little bit. Trying to get my bedtime back below early enough to, you know, but all that stuff. But. So, yeah, let me be back in it. So I, Yeah, I spoke with the listing agent. Yeah, definitely a popular house. I mean, you know, taking a look at it, it's beautiful. And that's a great neighborhood too. I'm familiar with Newington, Newington Forest. So I have listing coming up there in, in a few months. But yeah, I'd say, you know, if you guys, if you want to get after it, let's get, get in there, you know, as soon as we can. Can you, like, what, what times tomorrow, work for you? Speaker A: It would have to be late, like in the evening, so I typically leave work, it's six, and then get home sometime before seven. Is that too late? Speaker B: Yeah, I do have some stuff going on at our house tomorrow night, so I wouldn't be able to do that. I could do Saturday pretty much anytime. Okay, well, sorry, Saturday would have to be earlier in the day. Okay. Speaker A: Yeah, let's see. When's the open house? Do they have offers already? Speaker B: Nothing in hand. They've had a few verbal commitments, but it's Thursday, so she sounds reasonable. It sounds like depending on what happens tomorrow, the likeliest, a deadline for Monday. Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. All right. Well, it doesn't sound like we're going to win this one, but it's worth a shot. Rates are lower. So let's see. We're. We're just like literally capped out at 700 with the current salary, so we can't do anything higher. Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, so there were a couple things to consider is, you know, they're looking for like a super quick close. You know, I've done, you know, 12 day closes with Ben, so. So that's in our favor. They're looking for, they said a rent back through the end of February. They said that wasn't like set in stone, like, but, you know, those are, those are some things that we can, we can do to, to make it appealing. And yeah, I mean, obviously they have a playground. You know, maybe another love letter would do tug the heartstrings. Speaker A: But yeah, I mean, so a rent back is interesting. So they would just. We would need to sell, probably need to live with my sister for a little bit, which they wouldn't be opposed to, but I would have to run that by them because we, we need to sell our, our place by, you know, we need to sell our place to buy this one. So that's another major thing. But the rent back would be incredible in terms of mortgage taking care of mortgage payments and everything. Speaker B: Yeah, well, I mean, in that case, do you guys want to get your home in the market and do a rent back at your house or. Speaker A: I think we would want to. Well, we would need to get them the down payment to close. Right. So I think we would sell, we would move to my sister's, which is doable, and then we would move there and you know, after February. And we would appreciate, you know, massively appreciate the income of the rent back. So I think it's doable if they can tolerate a, you know, the, the contingency on selling our home. I wouldn't want to list the house until, you know, Sarah's cool with all this and we've actually seen the home. How much with it. Have you done a home sale contingency before? Speaker B: I have not. No. I mean, you know, like you, I mean, I'm sure you remember from the first go around any contingency adds, you know, detracts from the appeal of the offer. We can always outweigh it with other things. But it's just things to consider if you're, you know, if they're weighing several offers side by side. Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, there's no way Sarah's okay with, with, without having a home sale contingency. I just know that for a fact, like, so that's just the reality. So we got to operate on that. But the thing is, that would be helpful to know is what are the logistics for a home sale contingency. We probably determine how many Days it is when we submit the offer. But what does it mean? Like you sell and then the close happens after the home sale? Speaker B: Yeah. So let me think through this because I haven't structured one in a bit. Yeah. So it'd be an offer with a contingency to sell your home. Um, so a couple things. One, if we were going to submit the offer to sell like that, with the contingency to sell, they would. What would help us would be to have it already on the market. Speaker A: Gotcha. Speaker B: That, that would definitely help. Would also help. I mean, if it's on the market, we're like, hey, yeah, it's on the market, we're getting offers, something like that. Which I, I mean hypothetically, we could get it on the market this weekend, but to make it ideal, it would take a little bit of, you know, standard prep work of, you know, pictures, videos, all the, all the marketing material, things like that. Speaker A: Yeah. Speaker B: Which isn't to say that we couldn't do it for this house, but. So let's say that they did accept it. Right? For. Let's say they accept it. Yeah. You wouldn't be able to. Well, because you guys can you buy it without selling it? No, I think. Yeah. Right. You need to qualify. To qualify for the mortgage. You need to, to sell it. So, so yeah, then it would basically be. Once we got a ratified contract and a settlement date, we would schedule, we would align the settlement dates so that. So that you sell. So I mean, you can see how not having the home of the market adds that kind of mystery timeline to it from their perspective. Because. Yeah. Speaker A: Okay, well let's. I don't think we're going to get out on the market this weekend, but I mean I can do, I can clean stuff up in prep for the Saturday tour, speak to Sarah about it, which is going to be, you know, this thing may fizzle out because she's weaning right now and her life sucks. But I think the way I'd like to go forward is let's schedule something for Saturday morning and I will speak to Sarah about the rent back situation and the, And contingency and the listing timeline and then we can chat Saturday morning on how to move forward. Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Let me just. How about this? So typically when I do a listing, I do like a 10 to 15 minute call. I have like a pre listing console and then I'll do a fully blown listing consult in person. Let me just. I mean I should have the majority of this information already. Let me just see if there's Any updates? Do you have a few minutes to, to rip through that? So I have this on hand. Speaker A: So. So say, say it again because I, Yeah, I'm like, I do need to get back to work, but I'm, I have like a couple minutes. Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, no, I just, I want, I wanted to have. So when I do a listing, right. Yeah, I, I have like a pre listing consultation where I, I. But I have most of this info because I've worked with you guys before. So if now isn't a good time, you know, we could do it tomorrow, but just wanted to have this on file so we could. If we did. Speaker A: Yeah. One of the most crucial questions. Yeah. And maybe. Speaker B: Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah, let's just, you know, just cut me off whenever you. You gotta, you gotta scoot. Okay, so you're selling because you're upsizing. When do you need to move? Well, when did you have like a. I mean, it's really just looking for the right house. Right. For when do you need to move? Or is there like a bigger timeline as far as like job and next kid? Speaker A: No, like we don't. That, that shouldn't matter because we can just move to my sister's whenever if we're gonna. Especially if we're gonna do a run back. So. Speaker B: Okay, you've owned your property since 2022? No, 23. Right. What sold you on, on your home when you bought it? You know, what features did you like that? Speaker A: We got it. You remember. Speaker B: Any updating? Yeah, you guys updated the kitchen. Speaker A: Updated the kitchen, the bathroom, the back deck, and would likely knock down the front porch awning if we were gonna sell it. Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, so that's the next thing. If you were to stay in the house for another five years or anything you do to it, it would be. Speaker A: Yeah, we would. We would. For another five years. We would finish the basement. Basement's unfinished. It has a toilet down there. If we were gonna sell, we would maybe paint the floor or something. I don't know if we're leaving in five years. We would knock down and rebuild the shed and potentially put a concrete pad underneath it. And then small things, if that matters, is you probably hire a landscaper to kind of pretty up landscaping. There are some trim and staining things. So trim on the stairs. The stairs, like we have hardwood, you know, upstairs and downstairs, but the hardwood on the stairs and upstairs could probably be refinished at some point. And then there are just tiny little trim things. Like I already mentioned the stair trim, but like caulking some trim Painting two interior doors, which are primes, but I've never got around to painting him. Just little nits like that. Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Yeah. And, you know, this doesn't have to be exhaustive. We can revisit this again in person, you know, for a moment. Pretend to be a buyer looking at your home through buyer's eyes. Scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate its condition? Speaker A: Scale of 1 to 10 for our house, I would say. What do we mean by condition here? Speaker B: Well, like, 10 being like a model home, one being like, the projects, like, terrible. Needs to be burned out. Speaker A: Okay. Well, I mean, the finished portions of it, I think, are, like, at an eight. Like, there's nothing. There's no. Like, nothing is broken. There's a few, like, pieces of trim that could be prettied up. But, I mean, the kitchen is a 10. The upstairs bathroom is just redone. That's a 10. The floors on the first floor were redone recently, and there's no, like, major mechanical issues anywhere. So I'd say like eight. Speaker B: Okay, perfect. What would you. What would you say it would take for your house to be a 10? Like, top to bottom? Just all the. All the stuff that we mentioned. Speaker A: Yeah, all the stuff we mentioned. And finishing the basement. I mean, like, you know, if we were to include. If someone were looking to live in the basement, like, that would be at, like a. You know, it's not a tear down, but it's probably a four as far as, like, a room to live in, but yeah. Speaker B: Okay, that makes sense. Do you know what you'll be asking for the property? Speaker A: I think we would want to be a hair under 600, probably. Speaker B: Cool. Have you guys had a recent appraisal? Speaker A: No. Speaker B: And you haven't refinanced, right? Speaker A: No. Speaker B: All right. Do you know the approximate loan balance? Speaker A: Damn. I was just having issues logging into Mr. Cooper because it's Sarah's account and she has to validate with her phone. Speaker B: Right. Speaker A: I would say bought a 510. I would say it's like, high three hundreds, maybe a hair under 400. Speaker B: Cool. What are three things that you were looking for in a realtor? Speaker A: In a realtor. So is a realtor the one who sells, or is it both? Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that would be me. But I mean, these questions are designed if someone was. I was working with them for the first time, but yeah, I mean, I. Speaker A: Think just, like, clarity of process, you know, attentiveness to questions, and, like, business savviness in the negotiation process. Speaker B: All right, are you interviewing any of their realtors for buying and selling. Speaker A: Yeah, we got a line down the street. Nathan. Speaker B: Oh boy. All right, I'll have to. I'll have to show up, do some bare knuckle boxing to all that stuff. Speaker A: No, we. We haven't talked to anyone. Cool. Speaker B: And you haven't sold a property before, right? Yeah, because that was your first purchase now. Speaker A: Okay, sounds good. Alrighty. Speaker B: Is there anything else I should know about your property? Now, we can cover all that when we get there. Cool. Okay. So, yeah, talk with Sarah, let me know Saturday morning. I was just headed up. Where did it go? Is see what times they have. I mean, I can send it over to you, but they are. They have 9:30 to 10:30 already booked. So do you want me to preemptively like block off like 11:00 clock or 10:30? Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, either of those is fine. Whatever works for you. Speaker B: Okay, I will do 11. Cool. All right, sounds good. Yeah, so I will. If I see any update from, from them about any deadlines or offers or stuff like that, I'll let you guys know. And I will see you guys if Sarah can make it happen. See you on Saturday. Speaker A: Sounds good. Thanks, Nathan. Speaker B: Awesome. All right, thanks. Take care.	/signals	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			07233c83-1763-45bb-980c-262e98fd2ec5																		
2026-01-16T15:26:00.739Z	bug	i tried updating Jen Howell's address via the ai assistant but her contact card did not update.	/people	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			96b737be-4e6b-4304-b48e-f3e3a19f7500																		
2026-01-16T15:35:27.338Z	suggestion	As I open these notes and rewrite them, my old workflow was to have a ChatGPT project on rewriting them. I think that it would be nice if opening, editing, and drafting of the note was its own chat thread specifically programmed to help rewrite the note. That's it, so it's just a very narrow scope of rewriting the note with that as it comes to mind. Maybe that's the solution to plugging in AI throughout the entire app is that it gets plugged in. Like the AI assistant is the general approach but then in certain areas where it shows up it can be very narrowly constrained so that we are very effectively using inference and not running up costs.	/drafts	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			14f8a26a-1978-46d9-a71a-6cd752fd042f																		
2026-01-16T16:02:55.452Z	bug	It seems like this is something we've discussed before but there was a follow-up that was automatically created from a meeting last week. The task says send handwritten note to Rahul Sharma. There should be a way for me in this actions where if I need to edit what it is or add or change stuff, I should be able to do that. I think I should really be able to edit it so that it's like "hey, this task was connected to this conversation. I am editing it to a text or a handwritten note and that will feed into the context graph	/drafts	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			4bc9e83e-7c65-416c-9ac4-af4a98d5eab7																		
2026-01-16T16:05:12.891Z	bug	i wrote this: Wednesday at 2pm I had a site visit from Dennis Greza. He's with Main Street Landscaping. We talked about redoing the landscaping in my backyard. He thinks we could easily spend $25,000 back there but to save ourselves some money we could do a lot of the demo ourselves, getting rid of the stones, clearing it up ourselves. He's classically trained landscape designer still does everything by pencil. Just a great guy. So yeah it was grateful for him. Follow up for that is to write him a handwritten note." and a signal and task was created automatically.  You know if I explicitly say that something has to be done in the transcript or when I'm talking about the conversation, I think it's good that things are you know I can maybe skip through a signal because it's literally I'm like directing it to do something but the issue is that this was created as a task and the way that I have it set up right now is that I need to be able to edit the if it's a handwritten no I wanted to be able to edit the no brainstorm how to write the note and then send the note so I have a repository of the notes that I sent. If it's a task, I can't do that so we need to rethink how we structure the actions.	/drafts	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			ff694aec-252f-4760-b77c-417fbca0ea31																		
2026-01-16T16:06:06.499Z	suggestion	Also kind of going in the GTD style here. There are some tasks where I do not need to do them right away but I don't want them clogging up my inbox where I look at the pending all as the inbox. The goal is to get this pending all to zero every single day. So let's treat this GTD style where there should be a place where it could be my someday maybe list. Let's think through exactly how to do it looking at GTD best practices on how we want our list to be.	/drafts	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			1e84a541-91db-4b9a-b268-be54cff5de6e																		
2026-01-16T16:07:55.787Z	suggestion	I should be able to adjust the window size of the chat. Maybe have a max and min. Because sometimes I really want to use it as a brainstorming interface like I would with ChatGPT. And sometimes when I type really long transcripts, it's kinda hard for me to see everything.	/	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			bd367dd3-8df0-412d-a594-a2c1e5b874dc																		
2026-01-16T16:09:16.009Z	bug	this convo with the chat:  "phone call with Sam Bellet yesterday, 2 actions taken Logged the phone call with Sam Bellet for Jan 15. Let me know if there’s anything specific to add or follow up on. gpt-4o • Tool calling or complex reasoning Meeting Title: Phone call with Sam Bellet Date: Jan 15 Transcript:   Speaker A: Foreign.  Speaker B: Hey, Sam. How's it going, man?  Speaker A: Good. How are you doing?  Speaker B: Doing great. Doing great. Is now a good time?  Speaker A: Yeah, sure.  Speaker B: Awesome. Sounds good. Yeah. Before we get into it, how are, how are your holidays?  Speaker A: They're good. They're good. We went to my, my family's house this year and then Sarah capped it off. She went to hers with James for a little bit and now we're, we're all back home. How were yours?  Speaker B: Nice. Nice. Yeah, they were. They were great. We were in Virginia for Christmas. My wife's family have. They have a big Christmas Eve party every year and then we have like a slumber party at their house. Wake up and open presents. So it's a good time. And we hosted Christmas dinner here, which is nice.  Speaker A: Oh, yeah, yeah.  Speaker B: Yes, sir. So. So. But yeah, glad to be back in the normal swing of things. I think between, you know, the holidays being middle of the week and working from home and getting over a cold, I feel like I was in the twilight zone for a little bit. Trying to get my bedtime back below early enough to, you know, but all that stuff. But. So, yeah, let me be back in it. So I, Yeah, I spoke with the listing agent. Yeah, definitely a popular house. I mean, you know, taking a look at it, it's beautiful. And that's a great neighborhood too. I'm familiar with Newington, Newington Forest. So I have listing coming up there in, in a few months. But yeah, I'd say, you know, if you guys, if you want to get after it, let's get, get in there, you know, as soon as we can. Can you, like, what, what times tomorrow, work for you?  Speaker A: It would have to be late, like in the evening, so I typically leave work, it's six, and then get home sometime before seven. Is that too late?  Speaker B: Yeah, I do have some stuff going on at our house tomorrow night, so I wouldn't be able to do that. I could do Saturday pretty much anytime. Okay, well, sorry, Saturday would have to be earlier in the day. Okay.  Speaker A: Yeah, let's see. When's the open house? Do they have offers already?  Speaker B: Nothing in hand. They've had a few verbal commitments, but it's Thursday, so she sounds reasonable. It sounds like depending on what happens tomorrow, the likeliest, a deadline for Monday.  Speaker A: Okay. Yeah. All right. Well, it doesn't sound like we're going to win this one, but it's worth a shot. Rates are lower. So let's see. We're. We're just like literally capped out at 700 with the current salary, so we can't do anything higher.  Speaker B: Yeah, I mean, so there were a couple things to consider is, you know, they're looking for like a super quick close. You know, I've done, you know, 12 day closes with Ben, so. So that's in our favor. They're looking for, they said a rent back through the end of February. They said that wasn't like set in stone, like, but, you know, those are, those are some things that we can, we can do to, to make it appealing. And yeah, I mean, obviously they have a playground. You know, maybe another love letter would do tug the heartstrings.  Speaker A: But yeah, I mean, so a rent back is interesting. So they would just. We would need to sell, probably need to live with my sister for a little bit, which they wouldn't be opposed to, but I would have to run that by them because we, we need to sell our, our place by, you know, we need to sell our place to buy this one. So that's another major thing. But the rent back would be incredible in terms of mortgage taking care of mortgage payments and everything.  Speaker B: Yeah, well, I mean, in that case, do you guys want to get your home in the market and do a rent back at your house or.  Speaker A: I think we would want to. Well, we would need to get them the down payment to close. Right. So I think we would sell, we would move to my sister's, which is doable, and then we would move there and you know, after February. And we would appreciate, you know, massively appreciate the income of the rent back. So I think it's doable if they can tolerate a, you know, the, the contingency on selling our home. I wouldn't want to list the house until, you know, Sarah's cool with all this and we've actually seen the home. How much with it. Have you done a home sale contingency before?  Speaker B: I have not. No. I mean, you know, like you, I mean, I'm sure you remember from the first go around any contingency adds, you know, detracts from the appeal of the offer. We can always outweigh it with other things. But it's just things to consider if you're, you know, if they're weighing several offers side by side.  Speaker A: Yeah, I mean, there's no way Sarah's okay with, with, without having a home sale contingency. I just know that for a fact, like, so that's just the reality. So we got to operate on that. But the thing is, that would be helpful to know is what are the logistics for a home sale contingency. We probably determine how many Days it is when we submit the offer. But what does it mean? Like you sell and then the close happens after the home sale?  Speaker B: Yeah. So let me think through this because I haven't structured one in a bit. Yeah. So it'd be an offer with a contingency to sell your home. Um, so a couple things. One, if we were going to submit the offer to sell like that, with the contingency to sell, they would. What would help us would be to have it already on the market.  Speaker A: Gotcha.  Speaker B: That, that would definitely help. Would also help. I mean, if it's on the market, we're like, hey, yeah, it's on the market, we're getting offers, something like that. Which I, I mean hypothetically, we could get it on the market this weekend, but to make it ideal, it would take a little bit of, you know, standard prep work of, you know, pictures, videos, all the, all the marketing material, things like that.  Speaker A: Yeah.  Speaker B: Which isn't to say that we couldn't do it for this house, but. So let's say that they did accept it. Right? For. Let's say they accept it. Yeah. You wouldn't be able to. Well, because you guys can you buy it without selling it? No, I think. Yeah. Right. You need to qualify. To qualify for the mortgage. You need to, to sell it. So, so yeah, then it would basically be. Once we got a ratified contract and a settlement date, we would schedule, we would align the settlement dates so that. So that you sell. So I mean, you can see how not having the home of the market adds that kind of mystery timeline to it from their perspective. Because. Yeah.  Speaker A: Okay, well let's. I don't think we're going to get out on the market this weekend, but I mean I can do, I can clean stuff up in prep for the Saturday tour, speak to Sarah about it, which is going to be, you know, this thing may fizzle out because she's weaning right now and her life sucks. But I think the way I'd like to go forward is let's schedule something for Saturday morning and I will speak to Sarah about the rent back situation and the, And contingency and the listing timeline and then we can chat Saturday morning on how to move forward.  Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Let me just. How about this? So typically when I do a listing, I do like a 10 to 15 minute call. I have like a pre listing console and then I'll do a fully blown listing consult in person. Let me just. I mean I should have the majority of this information already. Let me just see if there's Any updates? Do you have a few minutes to, to rip through that? So I have this on hand.  Speaker A: So. So say, say it again because I, Yeah, I'm like, I do need to get back to work, but I'm, I have like a couple minutes.  Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, no, I just, I want, I wanted to have. So when I do a listing, right. Yeah, I, I have like a pre listing consultation where I, I. But I have most of this info because I've worked with you guys before. So if now isn't a good time, you know, we could do it tomorrow, but just wanted to have this on file so we could. If we did.  Speaker A: Yeah. One of the most crucial questions. Yeah. And maybe.  Speaker B: Yeah, sure, sure. Yeah, let's just, you know, just cut me off whenever you. You gotta, you gotta scoot. Okay, so you're selling because you're upsizing. When do you need to move? Well, when did you have like a. I mean, it's really just looking for the right house. Right. For when do you need to move? Or is there like a bigger timeline as far as like job and next kid?  Speaker A: No, like we don't. That, that shouldn't matter because we can just move to my sister's whenever if we're gonna. Especially if we're gonna do a run back. So.  Speaker B: Okay, you've owned your property since 2022? No, 23. Right. What sold you on, on your home when you bought it? You know, what features did you like that?  Speaker A: We got it. You remember.  Speaker B: Any updating? Yeah, you guys updated the kitchen.  Speaker A: Updated the kitchen, the bathroom, the back deck, and would likely knock down the front porch awning if we were gonna sell it.  Speaker B: Okay. Yeah, so that's the next thing. If you were to stay in the house for another five years or anything you do to it, it would be.  Speaker A: Yeah, we would. We would. For another five years. We would finish the basement. Basement's unfinished. It has a toilet down there. If we were gonna sell, we would maybe paint the floor or something. I don't know if we're leaving in five years. We would knock down and rebuild the shed and potentially put a concrete pad underneath it. And then small things, if that matters, is you probably hire a landscaper to kind of pretty up landscaping. There are some trim and staining things. So trim on the stairs. The stairs, like we have hardwood, you know, upstairs and downstairs, but the hardwood on the stairs and upstairs could probably be refinished at some point. And then there are just tiny little trim things. Like I already mentioned the stair trim, but like caulking some trim Painting two interior doors, which are primes, but I've never got around to painting him. Just little nits like that.  Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. Yeah. And, you know, this doesn't have to be exhaustive. We can revisit this again in person, you know, for a moment. Pretend to be a buyer looking at your home through buyer's eyes. Scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate its condition?  Speaker A: Scale of 1 to 10 for our house, I would say. What do we mean by condition here?  Speaker B: Well, like, 10 being like a model home, one being like, the projects, like, terrible. Needs to be burned out.  Speaker A: Okay. Well, I mean, the finished portions of it, I think, are, like, at an eight. Like, there's nothing. There's no. Like, nothing is broken. There's a few, like, pieces of trim that could be prettied up. But, I mean, the kitchen is a 10. The upstairs bathroom is just redone. That's a 10. The floors on the first floor were redone recently, and there's no, like, major mechanical issues anywhere. So I'd say like eight.  Speaker B: Okay, perfect. What would you. What would you say it would take for your house to be a 10? Like, top to bottom? Just all the. All the stuff that we mentioned.  Speaker A: Yeah, all the stuff we mentioned. And finishing the basement. I mean, like, you know, if we were to include. If someone were looking to live in the basement, like, that would be at, like a. You know, it's not a tear down, but it's probably a four as far as, like, a room to live in, but yeah.  Speaker B: Okay, that makes sense. Do you know what you'll be asking for the property?  Speaker A: I think we would want to be a hair under 600, probably.  Speaker B: Cool. Have you guys had a recent appraisal?  Speaker A: No.  Speaker B: And you haven't refinanced, right?  Speaker A: No.  Speaker B: All right. Do you know the approximate loan balance?  Speaker A: Damn. I was just having issues logging into Mr. Cooper because it's Sarah's account and she has to validate with her phone.  Speaker B: Right.  Speaker A: I would say bought a 510. I would say it's like, high three hundreds, maybe a hair under 400.  Speaker B: Cool. What are three things that you were looking for in a realtor?  Speaker A: In a realtor. So is a realtor the one who sells, or is it both?  Speaker B: Yeah, yeah, that would be me. But I mean, these questions are designed if someone was. I was working with them for the first time, but yeah, I mean, I.  Speaker A: Think just, like, clarity of process, you know, attentiveness to questions, and, like, business savviness in the negotiation process.  Speaker B: All right, are you interviewing any of their realtors for buying and selling.  Speaker A: Yeah, we got a line down the street. Nathan.  Speaker B: Oh boy. All right, I'll have to. I'll have to show up, do some bare knuckle boxing to all that stuff.  Speaker A: No, we. We haven't talked to anyone. Cool.  Speaker B: And you haven't sold a property before, right? Yeah, because that was your first purchase now.  Speaker A: Okay, sounds good. Alrighty.  Speaker B: Is there anything else I should know about your property? Now, we can cover all that when we get there. Cool. Okay. So, yeah, talk with Sarah, let me know Saturday morning. I was just headed up. Where did it go? Is see what times they have. I mean, I can send it over to you, but they are. They have 9:30 to 10:30 already booked. So do you want me to preemptively like block off like 11:00 clock or 10:30?  Speaker A: Yeah, yeah, either of those is fine. Whatever works for you.  Speaker B: Okay, I will do 11. Cool. All right, sounds good. Yeah, so I will. If I see any update from, from them about any deadlines or offers or stuff like that, I'll let you guys know. And I will see you guys if Sarah can make it happen. See you on Saturday.  Speaker A: Sounds good. Thanks, Nathan.  Speaker B: Awesome. All right, thanks. Take care. 1 action taken I completed the requested actions." Okay so it logged the conversation in Flow but had the wrong date. My conversation with him was on January 15th. Also it didn't create a signal or an action.	/	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			2662cec0-371a-4be0-8eec-5cb77780c015																		
2026-01-16T16:14:18.311Z	bug	call with Candice Astroth with Perfect Choice Real Estate.  she is the listing agent for7902 Cliff Rock Ct, Springfield, VA 22153, which is the property that Sarah and Sam Bellet are intersted in.   Meeting Title: Phone call with +17038537458 Date: Jan 15 Transcript:   Speaker A: Hi, if you record your name and reason for calling, I'll see if this person is available.  Speaker B: Nathan Genoyer, realtor, calling about 7902 Cliff Rock Court.  Speaker A: Thanks. Nathan Joyer, please stay on the line. Hello, this is Candace.  Speaker B: Hi, Candice. How's it going? This is Nathan Denoyer. Is now a good time?  Speaker A: I'm sorry, say that again. Who are you?  Speaker B: Nathan Denoyer, realtor with exp. Give you a ring about Cliff Rock Court.  Speaker A: Yeah, go ahead.  Speaker B: Awesome. Yeah, client sent us over looking to schedule a showing either tomorrow or Saturday. Just wanted to get a pulse on how activity's been, if you have any offers in hand, that sort of thing.  Speaker A: So far, three people have told me they plan to submit. I think what we're going to end up doing is setting a deadline for Monday or Tuesday. We're going to make that determination tomorrow evening, and then I'll update everybody in showing time and then I'll update the MLS as well. So that's where we are right now.  Speaker B: Okay, sounds good. So it's been. It's been pretty busy.  Speaker A: Yes. How many shows do we have today, Amber? Like 15. Like 26 showings scheduled so far.  Speaker B: It is a beauty. Just curious, you know, what are the sellers looking for in an offer? You know, as far as price, terms, dates, all the stuff.  Speaker A: Of course, price and terms. But then closing date as soon as possible because they literally buy a house in like a week. And then a rent back until the end of February would be preferred, but they can be flexible on them.  Speaker B: Okay, perfect. Sounds good. Yeah, I'll submit to showing time and fingers crossed. All right.  Speaker A: Thank you.  Speaker B: Are you welcome?  Speaker A: Bye. 3 actions taken The call with Candice Astroth has been logged. She is now in your contacts as the listing agent for 7902 Cliff Rock Ct, Springfield, VA 22153. A follow-up signal has been created for this interaction. Logged for Jan 15. Let me know if you need anything else! gpt-4o • Tool calling or complex reasoning image.png here is Candice's info, please mark her as a realtor in my database 2 actions taken Candice Astroth has been updated in your database as a Realtor with Samson Properties. Her email, phone number, and additional details have been added. Let me know if you need anything else! gpt-4o • Vision/image analysis she is marked as a D, she should not be a D, she should be a Realtor. There needs to be a distinction for that. 2 actions taken ⚠️ **Warning**: This appeared to be a conversation log, but the interaction was not saved. Please try again or manually log this conversation in the Flow page. Candice Astroth has been updated to the "Realtor" segment in your database. Let me know if there's anything else you'd like to adjust!" We need to make sure that there is a person segment for realtors and this needs to be something that I can edit from the user's side. So I can add as many or as few segments as I want. I think that the default A, B, C, D are great but I should be able to go in there and make A through Q if I wanted to. And so me saying that hey, this needs to be a realtor segment there needs to be some context there that it understands.	/people	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			5ecbcc1e-1af1-4a46-a900-d7d07ff32418																		
2026-01-16T16:15:51.153Z	suggestion	My conversation with Ben Michaelson created a signal. The next thing that I had to do was call Sam Bellet and then we scheduled a showing. So I marked it that conversation as a task but the task obviously thinks it has something to do with Ben Michaelson so I have to be able to edit the leave a trail of my decisions so I have to be able to edit the task to show what it is and maybe even leave space for me to explain why I did it. We have to do this in a way that builds credit builds understanding over time which I'm thinking will be the context graph.	/drafts	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			cb631f4b-d214-4dbc-9a47-36cc50a96274																		
2026-01-16T16:17:14.132Z	bug	Here it's showing that I had a lot of conversations on Wednesday but some of these were on Thursday. Candice Sam were on Thursday but Michael Sim was on Thursday. But Anne Byerly and Dennis Graza were on Wednesday so that's correct.	/weekly-review	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			fc21f7cd-c1dc-4c68-967b-25ab3c1722d4																		
2026-01-16T16:18:12.655Z	bug	My leaving a voicemail for Miguel Shaban turned into a signal which I clicked "Text" but then I didn't see it pop up in my actions.	/drafts	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			ca70f5be-5f82-406c-b043-b02b92be50aa																		
2026-01-16T17:05:50.964Z	bug	trying to delete these pending text to MIguel and it's not working	/drafts	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			5c2b71cf-9790-41fd-923f-dccea7374c34																		
2026-01-16T19:51:55.764Z	bug	i logged a new conversation but i didn't see cost go up	/admin/beta	nathan@desnoyersproperties.com	beta	New			8ef1d696-4657-4fe8-bb6f-80556c3e4ac2																		